Read-Me notes for MacSeq -- ThingM Sequencer Script program for the Macintosh------------About MacSeq------------MacSeq is a simple Macinstosh application which allows the user to create or edit scripts for running custom optical printer sequences with a ThingM-II dual-motor camera control. Typically, a JK optical printer is used, though it may be used with any camera and auxiliary motor setup. This demo version of MacSeq does not require a ThingM motor controller to use. The release version of MacSeq contains the complete interface support for ThingM and ThingM-II (though it can also be run when ThingM is not connected).The Macintosh interface used for communicating with the ThingM controller is the Modem Serial port. A TestModem application is included in the release version to verify that communications with the ThingM controller can be established. (Any modem communications application will also suffice to connect to ThingM for testing.)----------------------------Scripting Sequencer Commands----------------------------When launching MacSeq, a text window is opened on the desktop to begin recording a new sequencer script. You may record sequencer commands to the script by either running actual sequencer operations, or manually editing script text.To run actual sequencer operations, use the 'Run' menu to select 'Camera', 'Projector', or 'Sequencer'. After entering entering Frame Count information and clicking OK, MacSeq will update the current text window with the equivalent ThingM commands.The cummulative Frame Counters for both camera and projector will also be scripted when you use the 'Edit' menu to select 'Frame Counters'.If you wish to run sequencer operations without adding script commands to the text window, use the 'Edit' menu to toggle 'Script Recording' off.----------------------Editing Scripts Manually----------------------Alternatively you could edit sequencer script manually using the standard Macintosh text editor. Each script command uses the same 3-letter acronyms as used for ThingM functions, like 'CAM', 'PRJ', and 'SEQ'. ThingM commands supported are:		CAM		for camera selections		PRJ		for projector selections		FRM		for preset frame count		CTR		for cummulative frame counter		SEQ		for sequencer mode		ALT		for alternate camera:projector sequence		STP		for step-frame camera sequence		SKP		for skip-frame projector sequence		EXP		for camera exposure time		SPD		for projector advance speedYou may even add your own notations or comments in the script anywhere before or after lines containing ThingM script commands. It is recommended to begin each comment with an asterisk '*', though any piece of text that does not begin with ThingM acronyms will be interpreted as a comment.------------------------Running Sequencer Scripts------------------------When a script contains valid ThingM commands, it may be run by selecting 'Run Script' from the 'Run' menu. You may also use the Command-R key combination to run the script. Only the currently active text window is used as the script. The cummulative Frame Counters window will update with each executed ThingM command, just as it did with a Camera, Projector, or Sequencer menu command. You have the option to pause any running sequence by clicking on the 'Stop/Go' button, or hitting the default 'Return/Enter' key. Of course, you may also save and load scripts with the standard Macintosh 'File' menu 'Save' and 'Open' commands. Take a look at the example scripts included with MacSeq. (Note that a MSDOS-style '.SEQ' suffix is sometimes used for the file name of the sequencer script, for compatibility with the PC version TVSEQ. You are not required to use this suffix however, as MacSeq uses standard Macintosh text files compatible with SimpleText.)-----------Contact Info-----------For more information contact:http://ironicresearch.com